▗ ▗   ▖ ▖  Claude Code v2.1.150
           Sonnet 4.6 · API Usage Billing
  ▘▘ ▝▝    ~/gumby

❯ /model sonnet                                                                 
  ⎿  Set model to Sonnet 4.6 for this session

❯ /effort mediu,                                                                
  ⎿  Invalid argument: mediu,. Valid options are: low, medium, high, xhigh, max,
     auto

❯ /effort medium                                                                
  ⎿  Set effort level to medium: Balanced approach with standard implementation
     and testing

❯ i am applying for YC answer all the questions i snde you. be precise. be      
  direct, and show impact in every answer.                                      
                                                                                
  What is your company going to make? Please describe your product and what it  
  does or will do.                                                              

⏺ Gumby is an AI-powered UGC ad studio that turns any product into a lip-synced 
  video ad in minutes.

  Brands and marketers open the iOS app, select or generate a creator video
  template, paste in their product details, pick a voice, and Gumby produces a
  finished, lip-synced UGC-style ad — no talent, no studio, no editing. The
  entire pipeline (script generation, text-to-video, voice synthesis, lip-sync
  compositing) runs end-to-end through our backend, stitching together
  ElevenLabs TTS, Kling 2.6 video generation, and SYNC lipsync into a single job
   the user just waits on.

  The output looks like an authentic creator ad — the format that drives the
  majority of performance on TikTok and Meta — at a fraction of the cost and
  time of hiring real creators.

✻ Cooked for 8s

❯ our company is not gumby anymore. its create ugc.                             
                                                                                
  What tech stack are you using, or planning to use, to build this product?     
  Include AI models and AI coding tools you use.                                

⏺ Noted — saving that.

  Recalled 1 memory, wrote 2 memories (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ ---
  Tech Stack:

  Frontend: SwiftUI (iOS), MVVM architecture — ships on iPhone and iPad, iOS
  17+.

  Backend: Node.js / Express, PostgreSQL via Supabase, Redis for caching,
  deployed with auto-reload via nodemon.

  AI Models:
  - Kling 2.6 Pro (via FAL.ai) — text-to-video creator generation
  - Kling Elements (via FAL.ai) — B-roll video generation
  - ElevenLabs TTS (via FAL.ai) — voice synthesis
  - SYNC Lipsync (via FAL.ai) — lip-sync compositing
  - OpenAI GPT — ad script generation
  - Google Gemini — secondary AI tasks

  Infrastructure: Supabase (Postgres + object storage for video assets), Redis,
  FAL.ai as the unified AI orchestration layer.

  AI Coding Tools: Claude Code (Anthropic) for the majority of development.

✻ Cogitated for 21s

※ recap: Helping answer YC application questions for Create UGC. Answered the product description and tech stack questions so far. Next: answer the next YC question when the user sends it. (disable recaps in /config)

❯ claude --resume 28ca90be-cc3e-4995-8827-343f78ef6089                          

⏺ That looks like a Claude Code CLI command — run it in your terminal, not here.
   Type:

  ! claude --resume 28ca90be-cc3e-4995-8827-343f78ef6089

  Or open a new terminal and run it directly. Do you have another YC question
  you'd like me to answer?

✻ Worked for 3s